---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: MIS
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-01-21
labels:
  
---


Entering college, I have always planned to study Business. The question that I still had to ask myself though, was what type of business would I focus on. As a freshmen, I decided to major in marketing just because I thought it would be easy However, one of my first business classes was marketing focused and I soon realized that marketing was not for me. Although it was a sad realization, I am also glad that I was able to realize sooner rather than later. This way, it allowed me to actually put more thought into what I will be spending the next 4 years of my life studying. As a new Freshmen in college, I wanted to put myself out there and join different business clubs that would help guide me and allow myself to grow and network within the Shidler community. With that mindset and goal, I decided to pledge for Delta Sigma Pi, a professional business Fraternity here at UH Manoa. This organization is filled with many sucessful Shidler students and through this organization, I was able to meet so many peers majoring in all the different business majors. So, I took it upon myself to gain their persepcetives on all the different business majors. After talking to so many people, I gained a quick interest in the MIS major, especially due to Tyler Yamada, a recent graduate of UH Manoa. From there, I decided I wanted to pursue MIS as my main major and I also want to double major with an International Business degree too.



